Gwenevere Abriel: Christina.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Christina haro: I'm wearing mean Hawaii, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a nice to see you.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just sort of getting into this computer. Am I am not in my health record yet. We'll get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Christina.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you think of the discussion yesterday.
Christina haro: I was nice. It was nice.
Christina haro: I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice to have more personal. I'm starting to see a little bit more discussion that's getting
Gwenevere Abriel: You know more and more where you guys are talking to each other and that's that's really the goal is for me to step back quite a bit more. And for you guys to be really sharing with each other. Um, so let's see if we can get there.
Christina haro: I felt bad for Gabriel
Gwenevere Abriel: Why over here was so funny.
Christina haro: I know, but he had this look on his face like he's really having problems with his girlfriend like things are going right, he had a totally different look on his face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know.
Christina haro: I felt so bad.
Christina haro: You know, at first when we first started, you know, and
Christina haro: You know, he talked about stuff and he looked okay but yesterday. It's like he wanted to share more than what he said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, now he's got a lot there. I know you know
Christina haro: And he has a baby right i mean he has the right yeah
There you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have an H in your in your name. Huh.
Christina haro: I do an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Tell me about you.
Christina haro: Know when when I'm growing up. I never had an agent. My name my social security card didn't have a name.
Christina haro: But then at the motor vehicles.
Christina haro: They told me they had to put an H. For some reason, some more London record to had to me. So I left like that. And then one day when I was working years ago my employer told me, you know, Christina.
Christina haro: We can't, we can't leave it like this because, you know, when all that REAL ID stuff came in and all this stuff.
Christina haro: He says, you're going to have to change, you're going to have to figure out which one's your legal name.
Christina haro: So I contacted cemetery and they sent me my my birth certificate my original while they told me over the phone that my original birth certificate had an eight. And I said, no, my mom made me in the Spanish sense not, you know, the American sense
Christina haro: Because I'm sorry, but that's the way it was like, does my social security card. It doesn't have any
Christina haro: Example, I had to go through all this port.
Christina haro: Stuff and get everything changed. Um, so they made me pick either eight or nine eight
Christina haro: So I just left with an
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight freely.
Christina haro: So I had to go to us so security and habitations. And they sent me a new social security card. Yeah, it was a big old mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain. Yeah, I probably going to run into that someday, too, because I have a social from when I was little. It says Quinn and then everything else has going on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then all kinds of fictitious made up last name things. It's just gonna be a mess. I should probably get it together before I'm 60 right
Christina haro: No, I'm still in the middle of that because I haven't changed my insurance card to CA, so I gotta do that. Yeah, it's a big thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so your record in here has the Hispanic version.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, you know, that's really a government agency would, would I don't like that at all that they would ask you that your name is your name. If I wanted to spell my name going to vary, you can spell your name, however you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I don't, I don't think that's not cool.
Christina haro: It's ridiculous. Right. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we have, let's do a little review, since it's been a minute. I'm so excited about the job to where I'm where were you gonna work.
Walmart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Benefits.
Christina haro: Yeah, I used to work at Walmart years ago. And that's where I got in trouble with my name, but um
Christina haro: After I quit. I had a problem with this kid because he became my supervisor and he was just my coworker well after he became a supervisor Sheila's the biggest pain in the butt ever
Christina haro: And I told them, You know, I'm not going to be out that by this little boy, he was 18 years old. And one day, he started yelling at me for everybody.
Christina haro: And the manager wasn't there that day and he kept he just kept on it. And I told him you know go yell at me. I finally got mad and they threw my bad day him and my apron, the nightclub.
Christina haro: Oh man back and my manager called me, and she told me that
Christina haro: She put me in the computer as a really horrible, you know, because I was a good worker.
Christina haro: And they didn't go back because he was still there.
Christina haro: Yeah. And then after about a month in common. They told me that he quit. He walked out on them. If I wanted to go back and I said, no, I really got a job at a regarding another job. So it stayed like that. So now I decided to go back
Christina haro: I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, oh my goodness this is going to be good. So what we can do is it'll be interesting to see some things will probably come up when for most people interactions, like when people are giving you a hard time at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to talk about those with me like that same level of anger that frustration because there's going to people that are going to get under your skin.
Christina haro: Oh, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I can talk about ways to sort of self regulate and and communicate, where they don't get the best of that moment. It's not there right but rather, you get to keep your cool and you get to kind of continue on working even though they're kind of jerks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they're going to go be jerks and they're going to be jerks, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not probably going to change them. You know what I mean, it's going to be about whether you kind of, if this is where you want to be, then how do you meet this moment with as much grace as possible. So definitely looking forward to hearing about some job stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy. Okay, so let's see we got, let's take a look at, are you, what are your goals. When I know I want to talk about the
Gwenevere Abriel: family dinner type of things. And how's it going with family. Well, definitely going to get into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have here. I want a job. So I'm just going to write 529 20 client.
Gwenevere Abriel: secured a job that will mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: And starts on is it Tuesday, Wednesday, they start
Gwenevere Abriel: On Tuesday, Wednesday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many hours a week.
Christina haro: Well, I'm hoping I'm hoping that give me full time. That's what they said.
Christina haro: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy, and or is this a 24 hour. One is that are they going to have a late
Christina haro: Night. Yeah, it's gonna be. It's not 24 hours right now, but it will pretty soon. But right now, I'll be doing the overnight stocking, no matter what. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to put the achieved haha
Gwenevere Abriel: Go through
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Christina haro: I figured everything is opening up slowly and people are going to be running for those jobs.
Christina haro: Job right now I will be left without a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm impressed that you got that. That's great. Yeah, they already kind of knew you you know they had some
Gwenevere Abriel: Record of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Spirituality.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you noticing that sort of playing into your everyday recovery. How was it playing it or not playing in
Christina haro: Yeah, it does. I still I still do my own thing. You know, I still a fan mail, you know, constantly asked, guys, you know, to help me.
Christina haro: Through the day. Yeah.
Christina haro: But you know, I haven't
Christina haro: I haven't gone to church since they opened up because, you know, or just kind of waiting and waiting a little longer. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's because of the coven
Christina haro: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: keeping yourself safe. That's smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Constantly
Gwenevere Abriel: Lee. Okay. And I want you to feel normal and work and not dependent on drugs. Okay, so that's today.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we thinking here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to feel normal why that's such a subjective thing only. You know what that is, you know, that
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how are you feeling as far as the sense of normal. Tell me, tell me more about that I
Christina haro: Think I think you a little by little, I've been feeling more normal because you know back then.
Christina haro: I didn't have all my kids, I'm things were more centered around myself back then and then slowly one by one started coming back. You know, my kids. Anyways, you know, moving back in with me and
Christina haro: It feels like I'm getting back into the normal self. The normal routine that I would feel with my kids, you know, with the daily stuff with my children.
Christina haro: I'm getting there slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, and then I have, I want to, same thing. I want to feel normal. And this was about attend
Gwenevere Abriel: Group weekly which I think I'm going to go ahead and I'm going
Gwenevere Abriel: To done this one to you put achieved because you accomplish that I still want you to attend growth, but I can at least
Gwenevere Abriel: Close. This is achieved because you've accomplished that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Computers too far away. Can't see it getting old is just not for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I stood in the wrong line. Don't want to get all
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess the alternative is not alive. Hmm.
Christina haro: Is this your first time listening to fail. I had you come home before
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, I lived here for a couple years. I'll see 2000. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: No couldn't be 2000 had to have been
Gwenevere Abriel: 19 my early 1990s, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two years.
Christina haro: So what brought you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, family. I'm just I wait I wanted to do family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Yeah, exactly. You liking it. I'm liking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see what we got here. So I'm just typing up. It's just an awkward silence. I'm actually doing something even though there's silence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, I said I was doing that either stay focused. Keep a review and these goals. I want to dip into our last note. Okay. I want to feel normal Bobo individual. Okay. Mm hmm. I want to be happy and not bring
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so when you notice that this said baggage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shows up
Gwenevere Abriel: Where it's being drug around sort of follows you, where are you noticing that it's the most present
Christina haro: Well, back then.
Christina haro: To me being baggage around was just bringing my you know my feelings, you know, all those years of abuse I the baggage for me was getting angry for no reason. You know, when little things was parked up I would like
Christina haro: Probably lash out at people.
Christina haro: Now, I think I'm a little more
Christina haro: I can handle it a little better now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get a number because I don't know what a little is. Let's just see. But when you say back then. Let's say zero to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how often were you let's say lashing out when you were angry, or was it like half the time, nine out of 10 times and then
Christina haro: I say nine out of 10 times
Christina haro: Yeah, it was like
Christina haro: I was constantly just
Christina haro: I don't know.
Christina haro: Especially last year, you know, having one of those
Christina haro: Years, where I was just dependent more stuff, you know,
Christina haro: Things got bad
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, nine out of 10 before and this was prior to the last six months, we would say, right, okay. And so over the last six months or as long as you've been in this program, anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before it was nine out of 10 now in the lashing out maybe acting out angrily. Maybe yelling and something like that. Give me a number, about if they were 10 times. How many times would you do the lashing out
Christina haro: I say about once twice.
Christina haro: I just more calm. No.
Christina haro: I can deal with things a legit.
Christina haro: And then last year I had a hectic year you know it's busy working really, you know, um, it was hard. It was hard. Last year, you know, I worked at a place where my daughter was my was my boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: You so that
Christina haro: I yeah
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Christina haro: So you know me and her started to kind of not get along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so all those notes are done, so we can kind of get into
Gwenevere Abriel: What you were talking about maybe share a little bit more about the dynamics back then with your, with your daughter, what was going on when you were working with her.
Christina haro: Um, I started working with her and then I worked with her part time. And then, um, she was running a place. So she was my boss. She was the store manager so
Gwenevere Abriel: Kareena
Christina haro: Or Clara, Clara. Yeah. So it was a big, you know, it was, it didn't feel it just didn't
Christina haro: It didn't go well towards the last, I guess. Few months.
Christina haro: And
Christina haro: There was a lot of stress, a lot of stress. It was, you know, when then
Christina haro: As time went by. Last year I realized, you know that I'm
Christina haro: We were clashing with clashing probably because of our addictions. We were passing really bad. It was a stressful year.
Christina haro: Till about
Christina haro: I guess when we book entered into therapy that's when everything changed because about a month before we started this program. She decided one day.
Christina haro: She couldn't do it anymore. So she says she woke up one day and told me I can't, I can't do it anymore and says, I'm not going to go back to work. And they said,
Christina haro: Okay, so I didn't go back either
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Christina haro: That was the end of that. Yeah, it was very stressful. Those stressful. It's just we were clashing, you know, I was constantly Fi network well
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you have any of the content over what you were clashing over
Christina haro: No, it was just
Christina haro: Simple things, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So oftentimes that's the case, what we're arguing over is really kind of silly kind of petty things. But what we remember is how we felt around them and and the arguments.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at Clara. Now, and she's the one. Is she the one in in the bright heart program.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing in her
Christina haro: A
Christina haro: We get along better now.
Christina haro: We get a lot better.
Christina haro: Never. This is not my boss. But, you know, things are different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's
Christina haro: A personality and and you know she's done. She's I can say she's a little back to normal. Now, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we get along better as an outcome and she's normal, but what are you seeing with your eyes or hearing with your ears. It's different about Clara.
Um,
Christina haro: She says happier and so do I. We
Gwenevere Abriel: Smiles more
Christina haro: Yeah, we do.
Christina haro: Yeah, we've gotten to um
Christina haro: Back then it was just a work relationship. It wasn't like we were even related
Christina haro: And now it seems like I'm
Christina haro: It's different now.
Christina haro: I can see I can see the difference in her, you know, we go we went back to being the friends that we were okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And the dynamics between you two earlier on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has she come to you recently and kind of process with you about the origin of her drug use.
Christina haro: Know we just never discuss we don't we just
Christina haro: I think she discussed more things with her dad, and she did with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you mean did like I'm talking about like like current life because we're saying she's
Christina haro: Oh, like current um
Christina haro: We don't really talk about stuff. I mean, we talked about our appointments and stuff, or a surprise. I'll tell her. Oh, I had a great you know I had a great meeting. I'll tell her you know we just this this. We discussed that you know little things or surprise. I'll tell her I can
Christina haro: Oh, I learned about breathing and stuff like that and then she'll tell me the little things that she does with her therapists, but we don't really get into the dynamics of our like I can talk to her about my stuff. But she doesn't really talk to me about her. What
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of that.
Christina haro: I and I think maybe um
Christina haro: I think she's doing okay though. I mean, I've seen her to me, but I see as a mom, I see things I see her differently than they saw back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that that wasn't my question, though.
Christina haro: But, but
Gwenevere Abriel: When I asked you, as I tried to catch a quick but you got off at very, very fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry. No, you know, don't apologize for
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't be a client do anything wrong. You're can't do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: My daughter doesn't talk to me about
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. She doesn't talk to me about
Gwenevere Abriel: Me I raised her. She doesn't talk to me about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what I was asking you about
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Same. Notice how you talk with me about your mom. She's incredibly influential on what was normalized in your life that have really aggressive type of the relationships were normalized in very early childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which probably indeed set a course of it being acceptable on some level, like, it's okay. I'll put up with abuse from, you know, a husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just curious. She doesn't ever talk to you about boy this set in motion. For me, these things around either substance use to relationships. She doesn't share those things with you.
Christina haro: The only thing that she did share with me.
Christina haro: Was that of working, where we did was we worked out of town. Okay, well we did she met a lot of people that and that is what got her into
Christina haro: What she was doing. Yeah.
Christina haro: And you know, I know we all make our own choices. You know, in reality, a lot of people say, well, you made the choice. Nobody. It's nobody's fault, but yours.
Christina haro: But I do really believe that the environment around you has a lot to do with it. And I think she was young. She got influenced and doing some stuff, she thought, you know, was okay was going to join the crowd.
Christina haro: And she told me that being over there, where we work and meeting other people that worked, where we where we did with the same company.
Christina haro: She worked in that company way before I was broken, so she met a lot of people during that time she told me that's what got her in trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you accept that as
Christina haro: I accept that and I believe it because
Christina haro: Knowing how she was before and the jobs you had before. And the friends she had before the things she would tell me um
Christina haro: I knew how she felt about stuff like that and then all of a sudden when I realized what was going on. She wasn't T. She wasn't the same person.
Christina haro: And then I realized what was going on. So then after we didn't work. And then we doing this program and stuff. And then she started telling me what
Christina haro: How she ended up you know doing stuff she did. She did tell me that that's how she got in trouble by joining the powder below with everybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So revisiting this discussion. You started last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to that dinner table.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, back to that idea that, who was it that that left the table.
Christina haro: Oh, my older son.
Christina haro: He does. He
Christina haro: Know that somewhere in party. Yeah, it
Christina haro: Is
Christina haro: There's times where, you know, we'll start talking about stuff and then
Christina haro: You know, proceed. Being a mom I he says, I always put my two cents worth and I shouldn't say things he says I criticize, which I don't see it as a criticism I see it as, you know, I'm
Christina haro: To me, I didn't see it as a criticism I didn't really and even at this point, I didn't
Christina haro: Know, I didn't think I was criticizing
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you say let me hear
Christina haro: Well, we were we were kind of talking about, okay, we're talking about
Christina haro: My daughter's um what was going on when she was in Texas. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's, that's correct.
Christina haro: Yeah, so
Christina haro: We just talked about. And then she called me.
Christina haro: While mom, I had to do it at the time. He says, Well, what was I supposed to do, right. And I told her no three. Now you know you got yourself into that situation I you know do made it clear, you got yourself into that situation. So you should have had it over before you did this, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And is the this marrying
Christina haro: This man or oh
Christina haro: No, no, no, it was, um, she's got herself into trouble because the daughter brain tumors with okay well she's not with us anymore, which has a new baby right
Yes.
Christina haro: That
Christina haro: They did some bad choices and she ended up having to live in her heart, and she was pregnant.
Christina haro: Okay, so that's why I'd rather
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice you you have a real like
Gwenevere Abriel: Style of omission.
Gwenevere Abriel: You really don't like to share details if the your natural upfront inclination is to give general information.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just want to tell you what the limits of confidentiality are in here just for some people they don't really get what they are. If you tell me you're going to kill someone, and I know who it is. I have a duty to sort of warn them and
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue. Let me continue
Gwenevere Abriel: The other responsibility. I have if if I find out that there is someone who is a vulnerable adult who's being abused. I'm gonna, I have a responsibility to protect that that vulnerable adult if I find out you are abusing some vulnerable adult if I found out that someone was abusing minor
Gwenevere Abriel: Like beating right
Gwenevere Abriel: using drugs around them and heroin and right there. There's this little five year old. And so if those things are going on. Presently
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a duty if there's a court order that orders me to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I would speak and also if you sign a release of information, then I could speak. That's how few things so you do not have to worry if you tell me Kareena blah, blah, blah. It's not going anywhere. You have everything in here stays in here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, I can't, I can't get I can't be of service to you and you say,
Christina haro: No wasn't really she had it on place. Okay. She had an opposite. She's doing great. I was the point, she's losing grip so she meets this dummy.
Christina haro: Dummy that this was not you. Okay. He's not a good person. So she ends up paying it in chance of losing her apartment.
Christina haro: Okay, she's losing a job so into
Christina haro: Ends up without lifting so she basically ends up living in her car because she doesn't have anywhere to go.
Christina haro: Um, so. Meanwhile, my, my older my she's pregnant and then I have my granddaughter. So my granddaughter will come and stay with my ex and his wife as a person living in the car right her and her boyfriend. So, um,
Christina haro: So my accent in LA, which is my granddaughter's the other doesn't watch this is new. It's also he realizes what's going on. And I guess he kind of I'm
Christina haro: Kind of, I guess, from what I get. He kind of told her that if she didn't fix the situation he was going to go pick up his daughter.
Christina haro: Right, it was a big deal. Yeah, you had her cytokines saying some kind of papers. Right. And I don't know what it was. So that was the whole topic of our conversation, you know, that was
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the result of those papers sign
Christina haro: Um, well, now I'm my granddaughter's leaving on Mondays and she's been with him for CDs with the in the summers with him.
Christina haro: Well her being in Dallas. Every time my granddaughter was going to go visit and last pieces to it, happy to put her on the airplane and he would pick her up right well in those papers it says that whenever my daughter.
Christina haro: Has she has the responsibility of putting her in the plane and the financial responsibility to put her on the plane right so now that she lives over here, closer
Christina haro: And he's supposed to come and get her now. He says, or are you paying for my trip. Well, she got mad and she says, Why should I pay for your tip you know I'm no longer in della
Christina haro: You know, I'm here in New Mexico, which is what, three hours. Right, so she kind of had a discussion with him over that.
Christina haro: But I told her walk through, you know, you should have never seen those papers so far. The second look at them. So it was a big discussion about those papers, which I don't know what we're in the papers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have a copy of
Christina haro: That she has she hasn't showed me that she said she campaign. But anyways, I like that. I don't think I criticized for it. I think so. But she was kind of getting offensive or defensive AND THEN HE SAID HE GOT IT. HE SAID I WAS CRITICIZING
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay there. That's what this whole thing is about right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you saying I don't see how anybody reasonably would hear that as a criticism is that right from your perspective. Yeah.
Christina haro: And I don't think I criticized her because she was he got more who's got more offensive than she did give someone from from
That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because you you have the idea. So let's stay right here. We're not going to go anywhere. Further, just right right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the idea boy Kareena it would have been a good idea. Had you
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to more people about what's in that paperwork gotten more feedback from people. Maybe this would have gone down differently.
Christina haro: Is that what your thought, well, yeah. And I told her I told her what you should have called me before you sign anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you will not
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, you're ready.
Christina haro: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's in the wording.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that the intent is. There, I said it differently. Back to you, but I use different words.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to really find this interesting that I think there's a certain word you used in there that is going to make everybody on this planet they speak English defensive. You know what it was.
Christina haro: Me, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know there's a certain word
Gwenevere Abriel: That you used
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the word should
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Christina haro: Yeah, I thought about that.
Christina haro: Yeah. So what I also. But in that conversation. I also told him.
Christina haro: You should have. Talk to your dad about it or you should
Gwenevere Abriel: You should wait
Christina haro: You should. I know, I know it's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: To talk to your dad. Wait, you should have
Gwenevere Abriel: Watched you should have thought about it, you should have called me first. You should have had me read it should should watch so hold on let's move from here to stay there for a second. I want you to see how it feels yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So try it on. You're going to try on how it feels to be shifted. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: You should have started treatment earlier.
Christina haro: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, like a MoFo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. There is no such thing. There's no such thing. This is what I think it's more like when I was doing the validation minute ago with you. And I said, Is it like this and you're like yeah, here's how I worded it. I said, Boy Kareena would have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe helpful or it might be something like
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Kareena did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you consider given me a call.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would have loved to have read it with you. Maybe I would have picked up on something in the paperwork that you didn't pick up on. Do you still have it. In other words,
Gwenevere Abriel: Or should does to someone
Gwenevere Abriel: When I did that to you just now. Did you get a zing like a bit of shame got activated. Am I right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It got it now. I made that up. That's not true. I don't actually think that
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted you to feel the word the zap that we all get and that's why I say to people don't should on people, because the other word is that sh it word but I say don't show it on people because it's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: And because it's a cute way to remember to drop the word drop it entirely and your whole way of speaking will change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're gonna have to sit there for a second and really think, how am I going to phrase this
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm either saying, I feel, I feel it kind of sad that I didn't get a chance to read that with you and be helpful as a mama. Do you see how you're not offend. You're not offended by that are you
Christina haro: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I owned that I'm kind of sad and
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to to have been helpful and I would have picked up on something maybe that you didn't, because when people are in that much anxiety when someone's coming after our kid, we can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Read the same way we can't pick up on on on meaning the same way, because we're so stressed out, we have all this cortisol going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't pick up on it like someone who's a little bit outside of the intense environment and and Kareena I was a little bit outside of it and I might have picked up on something and then get into solution which is do you have it around. I'd love to look at it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so watch the difference. So notice how earlier I said you should have started the program earlier. Oh, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch. Right shames that that okay so that one. Yuck. That's a yuck. So watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to play with the difference in the wording. So Christina, you know, you might have looked into treatment, a little earlier when you you know you lost a car relationship started going sideways or
Gwenevere Abriel: You noticed, you know, you couldn't pay a bill. I wonder, I wonder what was going on that you didn't think of it was that as shaming did as much shame come up with that version of it then with you should have been in program earlier.
Christina haro: Though it's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that wild.
Gwenevere Abriel: That word and you want to know what it is. It comes from this image of our early parent
Gwenevere Abriel: And this finger like this. You're a bad girl you did bad. That's what this should does to us. You should listen to me, you should do it. I tell you, you should you should you should. And it's this waggling kind of nasty finger that it's it's this imagery of parents
Gwenevere Abriel: And we all kind of have that. And when we hear that word we go
Gwenevere Abriel: I made a mistake I'm bad, I'm not good enough. All of those big core self image of things come up for us lightning speed. We're not even aware of it, we just immediately. Well, you know what you should have we immediately get defensive we pop off right
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's try it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what would happen if you had to come up and this is not easy. By the way, you might not even I'm right here and we can play with it. But, so let me see how it started. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I was in, I was in Dallas and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know Bobo was, you know, he kept manipulating me and I ended up, you know, I ended up breaking the least he was spending all my money and ended up breaking this lease and I had to get out of the apartment and I had to live, you know, in this car, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: What is a Las Cruces granddaughter father name.
Christina haro: Jerry
Gwenevere Abriel: Jerry Okay. And then, Jerry coming at me with this you know custody paperwork and this travel thing. And now he's telling me I gotta, I gotta pay for him to drive over. Okay, so now you say to me, What
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I'm gonna I'm gonna help
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we don't have access to should like let's say you go on a should detox.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a month even you'll see it's super hard. I gave up. I deserve and should for a year just to see if I could do it. It was a wild ride, I tell you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be done, but anyway. So coming back to you. So here's what you can do. You see what you already have these skills. It's about remembering them. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just just sharing the same way you share in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just imagine it's your turn and go into. So as soon as I say it, I want you to pay attention to your body, pay attention to what gets
Gwenevere Abriel: Like twisted around. Okay. You weren't there to help me. I'm Karina, and you're going to notice it in the body, you're going to have an emotion labeled to what's going on, disappointment, sad, whatever it is. OK. And then you tell me how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can ask me a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try it tricky bit with why is why can also make me defensive, too. So that's another one that we got to put an X through you can
Christina haro: Get rid of why
Gwenevere Abriel: Why get rid of why well we phrase it with fancy talk like this Kareena. Do you know why. Uh, nope. There's why I just did it to Kareena do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you think about giving me a call or were you just so stressed out. You didn't even think about anybody looking over that paperwork. They're kind of like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay you ready so I'm Kareena
Gwenevere Abriel: Take two
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you know, then Jerry's coming at me with that somehow I I signed a legal document saying that I have to pay for his three hour drive
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it was it you know I was paying for getting my grant in my daughter over to him. It did. I don't remember ever signing anything that said that transferring him to daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just breathe, honey. Just remember to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the table. You guys are eating there can be a beat, right, because we're eating. Yeah. Take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brief how you feel. Let me review. Breathe. You notice how you feel, think about your own emotion share how you feel. Maybe asked me a question or tell me a little story.
Christina haro: Well curry net. Can you find the papers so I can look at them, you know, maybe there's something in there that you miss
Gwenevere Abriel: So you went to solution, you didn't do. Did you do any of the things that I suggested you just when
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought about it. I'm like, Okay, how do I word it
Gwenevere Abriel: So that it was a beautiful solution. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was beautiful and and then she gets to answer now the style. Here's the thing. As lovely as you you are with that beautiful question. Remember you have years of having shifted her
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so she may be primed for defensiveness, even when you do your very best to ask a very loving question. Okay, you got to prepare yourself for that. It's going to take months maybe maybe years until the guard is down enough to trust that you're not going to shut her
Christina haro: And then during that time, you know, when all that was going on with her. She wasn't talking to me, so there was no issue was even going to call me or ask me, you know, and I
Christina haro: You know, I wish I would have been there to helper. You know, I
Gwenevere Abriel: So, sweetheart, say that that's what you say to me, not you should you should the way people get defensive is when you, you, you, you, you, you, you.
Gwenevere Abriel: turn all of that to the self and we say, so I'm Kareena tell me how you feel. Mom, you just did it with whenever your therapist do with me Kareena tell me at the dinner table.
Christina haro: You know, I wish I was there to help you. You know, I, you know, we weren't talking at the time. I couldn't help you, you know, but
Christina haro: You know, I can look at them now and see if there's anything you know we can do about it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And add that was gorgeous don't change a thing. And now I see on the top.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring me even closer to you on an emotional, psychological level and tell me how you feel that what you just said happened. How do you feel
Christina haro: You know, I feel bad that you sign things because you felt like you know you were in the find
Gwenevere Abriel: No, nope, you're analyzing feel, it'll be one word, I feel, what word
Christina haro: I feel sad for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how not for her. She gets to feel herself. How do you feel, she's her own person.
Christina haro: Your eyes so
Christina haro: I i
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel sad Christina.
Christina haro: Yeah, I do. I feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bam. Look how hard it is to get to
Christina haro: I was trying to think of the word. You know, because it's not exactly sad. I just kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep your word for like feel I'm
Christina haro: REGRET REGRET
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's, words like disappointment, there's
Christina haro: Whoa, I'm not disappointed. I'm not even I'm not even disappointed in
Her I can't say it hurt.
Christina haro: Myself, you know, I'm not disappointed in myself.
Christina haro: Either because, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's your regret.
Christina haro: But the regret is that, um, I wish. At that time we were talking and I could help there.
Christina haro: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch how that would sound. Now put that all together. It doesn't matter which order doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, you're going to hear it. It's probably going to have your, your body have a tight chest somewhere or stomach turn something's going to happen. You're going to notice the emotion. It's going to be sad remorse regret somewhere in there, you're going to remember those best you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to tell me kind of about it and then you can go to question you ready. You're doing amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. You're just doing so great.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are these are hard things to do but they will literally change the way that dinner goes, I'm not kidding. Those kids will stay at the table.
Christina haro: I
Christina haro: Don't get a plate thrown at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay, ready okay and take three
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, Jerry just now he's coming at me like, I've got to pay for him coming down here. I mean, I, I know I sign those papers like I had to. I had to do it. I was sleeping in a card and wanting to take her away from me was awful.
Christina haro: Well, creating a
Christina haro: Brief I
Christina haro: You know, I'm sorry. You have to go through that, you know, and I wish I would have been there for you and maybe you know you can bring me the papers and I can look looks at them. Now I only regret that I wasn't there to help you, then, you know, but I can try to help you now.
Christina haro: That okay
Gwenevere Abriel: That was great. But you do know that you miss all the feelings. Right.
Christina haro: Oh,
Christina haro: I feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Christina haro: I feel sad. You know, I feel sad, I feel sad because of what we went through.
Christina haro: And, you know, and I read I read, I wasn't there to help you, but I can help you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was gorgeous. Does it get any better than that. Is that the most honest thing you can say to your daughter.
Christina haro: Yeah, that's only really good. I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it the truth was a your truth.
Christina haro: The truth is the truth, you know, but sometimes at that time. You can I tell you at that at the time when everything's going on. You don't see, I guess you just don't see what you say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, say, I don't see
Christina haro: I don't see ya. I don't see and maybe they do you know they see
Christina haro: You know, and I tried lately. You know, I've tried to, um, because, you know, we, I tell you the dynamics in my, in my house with my kids when I'm, what I'm
Christina haro: There's things that I told them about them that I don't like sometimes the way they talk to me. Yeah. And I've told them the same thing. You know, I tell it like if you don't like something, I say, Please tell me you know and then they tell me the same thing, you know.
Christina haro: So we're trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting better.
Christina haro: It's getting better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what you noticed about as I was
Gwenevere Abriel: very direct. Today I wanted to offer you another way different ways of phrasing to get your intent of love across to your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I it's very different than shooting where she ends up feeling like she screwed up. You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you notice is different about what I was inviting today.
Christina haro: It has more
Christina haro: In the compensation is more
Christina haro: It feels like
Christina haro: There's more care in the conversation like you it more emotion in there. Then when you should should, should any point fingers is more like you don't really give a crap about conversation. You know what I mean, if you worded differently.
Christina haro: The other person will will, you know, feel like you actually care care.
Isn't that something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Wouldn't it be nice to have our audience. Our daughter our son feel that you care versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Your shaming them. Wouldn't that be cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the difference between
Gwenevere Abriel: Is like could versus should and if you absolutely have to use one try could
Christina haro: A could instead of this good
Christina haro: Oh my
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen. I wish you could have called me. I know we weren't, we weren't talking, then I have regret around that makes me sad. And I wasn't there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm there for you. Now if you happen to have that paperwork. I'd love to just sort of scan it and see if we can figure out a phrase that it really distinguishes transport of daughter to a location versus
Gwenevere Abriel: A father to the daughter and wonder if we can find that working together.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. And then she feels you are there for her available and helpful and she doesn't have to feel small and wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong is how we feel when we have been should
Gwenevere Abriel: You do too. We all do. Oh, I hate it. You should have looked up up. I'm like, oh, I don't know about that. That's what I did. I hear about what I should have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: a grown ass ramen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you're giggling
Christina haro: That's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, okay. How's your body doing because this was pretty intense stuff. Yeah.
Christina haro: Yeah, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any questions, because we could do these role plays as much as you want. Any questions about like you can predict even later today, there's going to be a conversation
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can give me, you can take when, how am I going to supposed to say it like this is it. You have any questions about how to phrase, something, something that might be coming up.
Christina haro: Well, today, I don't know. I don't have any questions, because I don't even know how today's gonna go today. We're having a birthday party for my granddaughter because
Christina haro: It's going to be her birthday on the fifth and she won't be here. So we decided to have a birthday party for her today. Before she leaves.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so happy that she's there that must spring you so much joy.
Christina haro: Yeah, it does. Yeah.
Christina haro: And then leaving she leaves up until August, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring me joy.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm looking at my book. Do you have a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of scheduling for you as well.
Christina haro: Um, no. I think
Christina haro: It's okay.
Christina haro: What I know it's gonna be okay, unless something changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Christina haro: Happened my
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is what I have in mind I have right now I'm books. Next week, but I have June eight at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just make sure that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: June 8 at seven 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm I've gotten in the habit of I just messaged the doc. Every time I see a client. So I'm just going to send a message. Hey, I just met Christina.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I sure hope you enjoy your peeps, and have a great party and analyse a group
Christina haro: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, take care of
Your